Embedding videos into the docs and other small changes (#394)
BauplanLabs/bauplan: docs/pages/tutorial/00-installation.mdx

### Option A: configure via CLI (recommended)

> Set your API key directly in the Bauplan CLI ([watch this step at 0:50](https://youtu.be/Nd5glmOz9QA?t=50)). This sets the key for your `default` profile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure and verify the API key for Bauplan using the instructions in this [video](https://youtu.be/Nd5glmOz9QA?t=50).

Otherwise, use the following command to set the API key for your `default` profile:
```
